Add document for all the commands (#68)
tektoncd/cli: docs/cmd/tkn_pipeline_describe.md

## tkn pipeline describe

> Describe pipeline.

Reviewer: Describes the

### Synopsis

> Describe pipeline.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Describes the pipeline.
```

```
tkn pipeline describe NAME [flags]
```

### Aliases

```
describe, desc
```

### Options

```

> --allow-missing-template-keys   If true, ignore any errors in templates when a field or map key is missing in the template. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats. (default true)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-allow-missing-template-keys   If true, ignores any errors in a template when a field or map key is missing. Only applies to golang and jsonpath output formats. (default true)
```
